Update the update instructions with per-method details (#8394)
netdata/netdata: packaging/installer/UPDATE.md

tell you whether your agent is up-to-date or not.

![Opening the update
modal](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1153921/76559153-d5cced00-645b-11ea-8dcd-893f8d16f7a8.gif)

If your agent can be updated, use one of the methods below. **The method you chose for updating Netdata depends on how
you installed it.** Choose from the following list to see the appropriate update instructions for your system.

-   [One-line installer script (`kickstart.sh`)](#one-line-installer-script-kickstartsh)
-   [`.deb` or `.rpm` packages](#deb-or-rpm-packages)
-   [Pre-built static binary for 64-bit systems
    (`kickstart-static64.sh`)](#pre-built-static-binary-for-64-bit-systems-kickstart-static64sh)
-   [Docker](#docker)
-   [macOS](#macos)
-   [Manual installation from Git](#manual-installation-from-git)

## One-line installer script (`kickstart.sh`)

If you installed Netdata using our one-line automatic installation script, run it again to update Netdata. Any custom
settings present in your Netdata configuration directory (typically at `/etc/netdata`) will persist during this process.

> This script will download the latest Netdata source (either the nightly or stable version), compile Netdata, and update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script downloads the latest Netdata source (either the nightly or stable version), compile Netdata, and update
```

> want to retain those settings, you will need to set them again during this process. See the [`kickstart.sh`
> documentation](methods/kickstart.md#optional-parameters-to-alter-your-installation) for more information on these
> parameters and what they do.

## `.deb` or `.rpm` packages

If you installed Netdata with `.deb` or `.rpm` packages, use your distribution's package manager update Netdata. Any
custom settings present in your Netdata configuration directory (typically at `/etc/netdata`) will persist during this
process.

Your package manager will grab a new package from our hosted repository, update Netdata, and restart it.

```bash
apt-get install netdata     # Ubuntu/Debian
dnf install netdata         # Fedora/RHEL
yum install netdata         # CentOS
zypper in netdata           # openSUSE
```

> You may need to escalate privileges using `sudo`.

## Pre-built static binary for 64-bit systems (`kickstart-static64.sh`)

If you installed Netdata using the pre-built static binary, run the `kickstart-static64.sh` script again to update
Netdata. Any custom settings present in your Netdata configuration directory (typically at `/etc/netdata`) will persist
during this process.

> This script will download the latest Netdata source (either the nightly or stable version), compile Netdata, and update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script downloads the latest Netdata source (either the nightly or stable version), compile Netdata, and update
```

re-create it using the latest image.

First, pull the latest version of the image.

```bash
docker pull netdata/netdata:latest
```

You will then need to stop and remove any containers using the `netdata/netdata` image. Replace `netdata` if you changed
it from the default in our [Docker installation instructions](../docker/README.md#run-netdata-with-the-docker-command).

```bash
docker stop netdata
docker rm netdata
```

You can now re-create your Netdata container using the `docker` command or a `docker-compose.yml` file. See our [Docker
installation instructions](../docker/README.md#run-netdata-with-the-docker-command) for details. For example, using the
`docker` command:

```bash
docker run -d --name=netdata \
  -p 19999:19999 \
  -v /etc/passwd:/host/etc/passwd:ro \
  -v /etc/group:/host/etc/group:ro \
  -v /proc:/host/proc:ro \
  -v /sys:/host/sys:ro \
  -v /etc/os-release:/host/etc/os-release:ro \
  --cap-add SYS_PTRACE \
  --security-opt apparmor=unconfined \
  netdata/netdata
```

## macOS

If you installed Netdata on your macOS system using Homebrew, you can explictly request an update:

```bash
brew upgrade netdata
```

> Homebrew will download the latest Netdata via the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Homebrew downloads the latest Netdata via the
```

[formulae](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core/blob/master/Formula/netdata.rb), ensure all dependencies are met,
and update Netdata via reinstallation.

## Manual installation from Git

If you installed Netdata manually from Git using `netdata-installer.sh`, you can run that installer again to update your
agent. First, run our automatic requirements installer, which works on many Linux distributions, to ensure your system
has the dependencies necessary for new features.

```bash
bash <(curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/netdata/netdata/master/packaging/installer/install-required-packages.sh)
```

Then, navigate to the directory where you first cloned the Netdata repository, pull the latest source code, and run

> `netdata-install.sh` again. This process will compile Netdata with the latest source code and update it via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`netdata-install.sh` again. This process compiles Netdata with the latest source code and update it via
```

Author: Fixed all these! Plus a few others. I was very into the future when I wrote this, apparently.
